avenmia/UpdateDevREADME (#22)
CodeforHawaii/HIERR: src/README.md

# Local project installation and setup

> 1. git clone https://github.com/CodeforHawaii/HIERR.git
> 2. cd HIERR
> 3. npm install
> 4. touch .env
> 5. Add the following:
>      1. DATABASE_URL="file:./db.sqlite"
>      2. NEXTAUTH_URL="http://localhost:3000"
>      3. EMAIL_SERVER={your email server}
>      4. EMAIL_FROM={the email to send the verification link}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/CodeforHawaii/HIERR.git
cd HIERR/

npm install

touch .env # Add the following variables
# DATABASE_URL="file:./db.sqlite"
# NEXTAUTH_URL="http://localhost:3000"
# EMAIL_SERVER={your email server}
# EMAIL_FROM={the email to send the verification link}
```
